Updates outdated issue template (#978)
Clinical-Genomics/cg: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/user-story.md

---
name: issue
about: user story template

---

## Description

*Describe the problem/suggestion*

## Suggested solution

*Write here if there is a suggested way to solve the issue*

## This can be closed when

> *Describe what needs to be done for this issue to be closed*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- *List the things that needs to be done for this issue to be resolved*
```
